# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?
Ans:- We are instantiating instances of the 'Property' class in  def initialize(options) method.
      Property.new()

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?
Ans:-  In def save() method.

Q3. In console.rb, which lines modify the database?
Ans:- property1.save()
      property2.save()
      property3.save()
      Property.delete_all()
      property1.delete()

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?
Ans:- Database do this each time we create something.

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?
Ans:- @id = db.exec_prepared("save", values)[0]["id"]

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?
Ans:- We do this because new instances don't have an id until database assigned it.

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?
Ans:- Class methods are used to perform table-level operations, and instance methods perform operations on the individual rows.

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?
Ans:- The data structure returned an array of hashes and we can access the id  by index position.

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?
Ans:- Prepared statements protect our database from Sql injection attack.prevent someone from directly access SQL.

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?
ANS:-

Q11. What are their return values?
